This website and the contents hereof ("Website") are provided for
general reference only and are not, and should not be relied on as, a
substitute for the advice of a physician, dietician, fitness
professional, or other medical professional.  Information contained in
this Website should not be used to diagnose or treat a health problem or
disease.  Before beginning the diet and/or fitness programs described in
this Website, you should consult a qualified physician, dietician,
fitness professional and/or other medical professional, particularly if
you are pregnant, nursing, elderly, or have any chronic or recurring
conditions.  If you follow any exercise suggestions contained in this
Website, you should stop immediately and consult a physician if at any
point you begin to feel faint, dizzy, or have physical discomfort.  If
you are under the age of 18, you must have the approval and supervision
of a parent or legal guardian in order to use the information provided
in this Website.

Use of any information provided in this Website is solely at your own
risk.  By using this Website, you specifically release, waive,
discharge, and covenant not to sue or bring any claim against Everyday
Systems, LLC or its agents, employees, directors or officers (together
referred to as "Everyday Systems") from or for any and all loss,
expense, liability, damage, or injury to person or property, whether
such claims are known, unknown, arise in the future or are hereafter
acquired, and whether caused by the action, inaction or negligence of
Everyday Systems or any other person, which arise from the use of any
information contained in this Website.  By using this Website, you
hereby agree to indemnify, save and hold harmless Everyday Systems from
any loss, liability, damage, injury or expense that may be incurred by
Everyday Systems or any other person or entity due to your use of any
information contained in this Website or otherwise arising from your
actions, whether or not caused by the action, inaction or negligence of
Everyday Systems.

Results of the diet and/or fitness program described in this Website
will vary and are not guaranteed.  Everyday Systems disclaims all
warranties of any kind in regard to the contents of this Website
including, but not limited to, any implied warranties of merchantability
or fitness for a specific purpose, except to the extent that any such
disclaimer is expressly prohibited by applicable law.

By use of this Website, you consent to the terms of this Disclaimer.

Links provided in this Website to other websites are provided for
convenience only and do not imply any kind of warranty, and the posting
of links to other websites does not imply that Everyday Systems supports
or endorses those websites or their products.

All content of this Website is protected under copyright and trademark
laws.  All rights are reserved.